1. Suppose that the Current Working Directory is /lib/modules, give a single "CAT" command using a relative pathname
and a command using an absolute pathname, that would print out the contents of the regular file /lib/security/pam-access.
Command with Absolute Path: /lib/security/pam-access

Command with Relative Path:security/pam-access

2. What is the standard command to determine the pathname/location  of the mv command/program?

Ans:which mv

3. What is the purpose of the /sbin subdirectory? (I.e., what is normally stored there?)

Ans:The sbin directory holds the super binary files which plays a crucial role in booting the machine.

4. Explain the difference between "the root directory" and "root's directory".
Ans: The architecture of the LINUX operatiing system looks like an inverted tree.
     It starts with the root which we can call as the home directory which has many nested sub-directories.
     
     The root's directory is basically a directory which belongs to the user called root.

5. Explain what the term "search path" means in the context of a shell (like Bash).


6. What are two commands that could be used to display your current search path?

7. Suppose your current env PATH variable is set to /usr/bin:/bin:/usr/local/bin. Explain what
the shell does when you type the command "foo" at a prompt (and type return).

8. Logged in as a non-root user, is /sbin in your search path? Explain why it is or is not
there.
Ans: The non-root user will not find the directory called sbin in hte search path.
     As the sbin foler contains all the commands required for rebooting the system, 
     only the root user will have access to those files.

9. Suppose you have created a shell script named foo and have made it executable, but
when you type it as a command ("foo"), Bash says: "command not found". What is
wrong and what must you do to run the command?

10. Explain why the Linux does not have drive letters like Windows does.

11. What is the contents of a file ~/song.mp3?
Ans: It has a file called song with an mp3 content.

12. What command would show all lines containing the string "brace expansion" (ignoring
case) in the man pages for Bash? 

13. What command would delete some files from the directory /tmp, where the relevant
filenames have this pattern: they begin with "A" or "B", contain the string "406", and
have a (final) extension of ".txt" or ".text".

14. What are the commands that will reset the current working directory to your home directory, regardless of what directory you are currently in?

15. What are hidden files in Linux/UNIX, why are they called that, and what are they
commonly used for?
Ans: Like in other Operating systems, there are many hidden files in LINUX/UNIX as well. 
     Usually, the hidden files start with a '.'. 
     Fow displaying the files in a direcoty we use a command called ls followed by a directory.
     We can not see the hidden files,if we do so.
     We have to pass a parameter called -a followinf the ls command,whcih displays all the hidden files.
     Generally, these are the configuration files for the Operating system.
     We have nothing to do with those files,mostly.

