                                      Linux Quiz-2

1. What command would list all files (except . and ..) in the current working directory?
Ans: ls -a

2. What is the simplest command for adding execute permission to file ~/foo, for all users
(without changing any other permission)
Ans: chmod u+x foo

3. Explain what execute permission means/allows when it is associated with a directory.
Ans: 	We use a command called "chmod" for changing the permissions of a file.
     	It might be either read or write or execute.
	r:read		u:user	
	w: write	g:group
	x:exwcute	o:other users.
 	We can use the same command for changing the permissions of a directory as well.
	When we used this command for a directory, it will change the permissions of a each and everry sub-directory.

4. Suppose that you wanted all users on the machine to be able to see the contents
of the file ~/public/software/instructions. text. Explain the minimum set of
permissions for files and directories needed to allow this, and any security issues that
arise.
Ans: chmod u+r public

5. Suppose that you want to allow (only) other users bob and chuck to be able to access
the above file. Explain what you would have to do differently from what you described
above. (You are not allowed to consider the use of ACLs.)
Ans: chmod bob+r chuck+r public


6. How would your answer to the previous problem change if you were to use ACLs (access
control lists)?

7. What are set UID (SUID) files, and when are they typically used?
answer: When set-user identification (set uid) permission is set on an executable file, a process that runs this file is granted access based on the 
owner of the file (usually root), rather than the user who is running the executable file.
This special permission allows a user to access files and directories that are normally only available to the owner. 
For example, the set uid permission on the password command makes it possible for a user to change passwords, 
8. Find one SUID file on a Linux system, and show its "long listing" (permissions, owner,
etc.).

9. Why are SUID root files considered a security issue?
10. What command would be used to set a file foo to be SUID, and how exactly would it
be done?

11. What command could determine the process ID (PID) of a running SSH server (sshd)?

12. What command would best identify which process is using excessive CPU resources?
Ans:top

13. What command that should definitely terminate the process identified above?
Ans:ctrl+c

14. What file contains the list of valid user ID's (UID's) and their associated usernames?
Ans:etc

15. What file contains passwords on a Linux system (if that system is using local    authentication rather than NIS, etc.)?
Ans:paswd

16. What is difference between telnet and ssh. When will you use each command? give examples.

